Add "add bulma" recipe (#344)
SAFE-Stack/docs: docs/recipes/ui/add-bulma.md

# How do I add Bulma to a SAFE project?

> [Bulma](https://bulma.io/documentation/) is a free open-source UI framework based on flex-box that helps you create modern and responsive layouts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Bulma](https://bulma.io/documentation/) is a free open-source UI framework based on flexbox that helps you create modern and responsive layouts.
```

When using Feliz (the standard for a SAFE app), follow the instructions below. When using Fable.React, use the [Fulma](https://fulma.github.io/Fulma/) wrapper for Bulma.

> ## 1. Add the Feliz.Bulma NuGet package to the solution

Reviewer: I'm not sure that it's really correct to say that it's being added to the solution - the solution is a dotnet concept for gathering related projects. As far as I'm aware, Paket doesn't use the solution concept.

```suggestion
## 1. Add the Feliz.Bulma NuGet package to the client project
```

```

> dotnet paket add Feliz.Bulma -p Client

Reviewer: This command will only work if executed from within `./src` right (let me know if I'm wrong)? If the location to execute a command from is not specified, I would assume the repo root.

```suggestion
dotnet paket add Feliz.Bulma -p src/Client
```

Author: For me, specifying projects by name instead of path works. I'd say it's cleaner that way right?

Author: Even from the project root by the way
